[CLI] Update CLI binary doc site to include openssl3 instruction (#9964)
aptos-labs/aptos-core: developer-docs-site/docs/tools/aptos-cli/install-cli/download-cli-binaries.md

1. Follow the simple steps recommended by the Apple support in [Open a Mac app from an unidentified developer](https://support.apple.com/guide/mac-help/open-a-mac-app-from-an-unidentified-developer-mh40616/mac) to remove the "unknown developer" blocker.
1. Type `~/bin/aptos help` to read help instructions.
1. Add `~/bin` to your path in your `.bashrc` or `.zshrc` file for future use.
1. Run `aptos help` to see the list of commands and verify that the CLI is working.

> Note: If you encounter an error message like the following. You will need to manually install `openssl3`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: You will need to manually install `openssl3` if you encounter an error message like the following:
```

```
dyld[81095]: Library not loaded: /usr/local/opt/openssl@3/lib/libssl.3.dylib
  Referenced from: <56FDDCBF-43F4-381E-9ECA-ACEBC556EAB7> /Users/jinhou/.local/bin/aptos
  Reason: tried: '/usr/local/opt/openssl@3/lib/libssl.3.dylib' (no such file), '/System/Volumes/Preboot/Cryptexes/OS/usr/local/opt/openssl@3/lib/libssl.3.dylib' (no such file), '/usr/local/opt/openssl@3/lib/libssl.3.dylib' (no such file), '/usr/local/lib/libssl.3.dylib' (no such file), '/usr/lib/libssl.3.dylib' (no such file, not in dyld cache)
[1]    81095 abort      aptos
```

> Install `openssl3` with the following command:
> 1. Download latest version from https://www.openssl.org/source/
> 2. Unzip the downloaded file
> 3. `cd` into the unzipped folder e.g. `cd openssl-3.1.2`
> 4. Run `./config --prefix /usr/local darwin64-x86_64-cc` configure openssl3
> 5. Run `make` to build openssl3
> 6. Run `sudo make install` to install openssl3. Notice that `sudo` is required to install openssl3 to `/usr/local` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Take the following steps to install `openssl3`:
1. Download the latest version from [OpenSSL](https://www.openssl.org/source).
2. Unzip the downloaded file.
3. `cd` into the unzipped folder, for example: `cd openssl-3.1.2`
4. Run `./config --prefix /usr/local darwin64-x86_64-cc` to configure openssl3.
5. Run `make` to build openssl3.
6. Run `sudo make install` to install openssl3. Notice that `sudo` is required to install openssl3 to the `/usr/local` folder.
```
